IAM - Identity and Access management
	- IAM enables you to manage access to AWS services and resources securely. Using IAM, you can create and manage 
	AWS users and groups, and use permissions to allow and deny their access to AWS resources. IAM is a feature 
	of your AWS account offered at no additional charge.

users : IAM User Create
Permission/Police : Service Permission to User
Group : Create group of permission and Give Permission to user (Main Advantage of create group is for If any user create then Directly
        We assign this group of permission to this user otherwise we have assign user to  permission)
		- User level permission
role  : Permission to a service for accessing another service (Ex. I have 3 service 1. EC2 , 2. S3 , 3. IAM. If I assign 
		one service to Groups particular User  then it can give like user first go to the EC2 service to IAM Service).
		- Service level permission.

AWS Access Type: - 
	- AWS Management console -- aws.amazon.com Site k through work
		With help of below to Login
		- root id/IAM User
		- password
	- AWS CLI(Command Line Interface) -- Command k through work
		With Help of below to Login
		- Access id 
		- Secret access Key
For Security Purpose we have use Both above

Security Status
1. Delete your root access key - If you Delete root access key then no one can access root user bcz its Access key delete then no one login
2. Activate MFA on your root account
3. Create Individual IAM users
4. Use group to login permission
5. Apply of IAM password policy


1. Delete your root access key - If you Delete root access key then no one can access root user bcz 
			its Access key delete then no one login( It can Work on AWS CLI Type)
		
2. Activate MFA(Multi Factor Authentication) on your root account - Here we have Also Use MFA(Multi Factor Authentication) Method for Security Login
In MFA Three Type to use Manage Device
	1. Virtual MFA Device - With the help of Authenticator App Install and receive code to use.this code change every 30 sec
	2. U2F Security Key - Its Like Pendrive type Device It can insert in system then system Login Otherwise login not possible.
	3. Other Hardwere MFA Device - Gemalto Token It is One type of Device that generate code this code use to Login User account

3. Create Individual IAM users - Create User With Multiple Option Like Password Security,Add Tag,Permission ( Create Group and give
   Permission to that group,DIrect Give permission,Permission give with help of Other user permission)
   Step:-
	   User name
	   Password(Different type of password security given like At time of login password change,Secret key password )
	   Permission (Create Group of permission and Give Permission to that user,DIrect Give permission,Permission give with help of Other user permission)
	   Add Tag (Give Name to User for Identification)
	   USer create Done.

4. Use group to login permission - With Help of Group we have assign permission for the user.

5. Apply of IAM password policy - Use a password policy to require your IAM users to create strong 
   passwords and to rotate their passwords regularly
   
Create Policy :- We have to create policy as per our Service requirement.

Roles :- How to Create Roles
		Step:
		Create role
		Select Service(Parent Service)
		Select Police (Child Service)
		Add Tag (Give Identification)
		Role Name and Role Description add
		Then Role Create
