VPC- Virtual Private Cloud (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/what-is-amazon-vpc.html)
		- Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) enables you to launch AWS resources into a virtual network that 
		you've defined. 
		- This virtual network closely resembles a traditional network that you'd operate in your own data center,
		with the benefits of using the scalable infrastructure of AWS.
		- With the help VPC We have Provide security with one level up.
		- First We have to create VPC, In VPC We create Multiple Subnet,In single subnet we have Lunch multiple instance
		In Single VPC Multiple instance Created in Different subnet are by default connected.
		- If Different VPC try to connect then it can require Public Ip to access VPC.
		
Virtual private cloud (VPC) — A virtual network dedicated to your AWS account.

Subnet — A range of IP addresses in your VPC.

Route table — A set of rules, called routes, that are used to determine where network traffic is directed.

Internet gateway — A gateway that you attach to your VPC to enable communication between resources in your VPC 
				   and the internet.

VPC endpoint — Enables you to privately connect your VPC to supported AWS services and VPC endpoint services powered
			   by PrivateLink without requiring an internet gateway, NAT device, VPN connection, or AWS Direct Connect
			   connection.Instances in your VPC do not require public IP addresses to communicate with resources in
			   the service. Traffic between your VPC and the other service does not leave the Amazon network.				   
				   
		Ex. If I Create 1 VPC in Single VPC I Create 2 Subnet 
			1. public subnet
			2. private subnet
		We proivde public & Private ip to public subnet
		then we Lunch instance in both subnet then assign public ip to public subnet and private ip to private subnet.
		If any machine has access to our machine then first enter with help of public ip. If user require to access Private subnet then
		it can possible with the help of public subnet,first user enter public if with the help of public ip then go to the private subnet
		with help of private ip in short user -> public ip -> private ip (User enter private ip with help of public ip) 
		Like this type we have to create Security level extra at VPC.
		
		We have to enter the VPC with help of Gateway
		
		Example - Here We create One VPC in Region Any one can Enter in VPC with the help of gateway here we call AWS IGW
		In VPC We create 2 subnet 1. public subnet 2. private subnet . In public subnet we give public iP & Private ip by 
		default Allocated & In Private subnet by default Private ip already assing we not assign public ip to this with the 
		help of ip any one can access.
		
		If any user access to VPC then 1st enter the region with help of "AWS IGW" after enter region then enter to vpc
		then also require Internal IGW with the help of IGW enter the vpc then if user provide correct ip then it can enter to machine
		then user enter public ip,Currently user is in public subnet lunch instance then if user go to private subnet with help
		of private ip.
		If user enter the public subnet then user can enter private subnet if user know id password of private subnet.
		In Private IP has not internet bcz it has not require to connection,but if user change any data in private subnet
		but in private subnet no internet access so, with the help of "NAT gateway" connection create.NAT Gateway provide
		internet connection to private subnet
		
		NAT Gateway - NAT Gateway Mount at that place where Internet access available.
					- NAT Gateway ki entry krni hai Private subnet k routing table me(Jisko Internet ka access dena hai vaha pe entry krni hai)
		In our scenario Internet access available AT  public iP Then NAT Gateway mount at public subnet 
		
		Both Internal Subnet by default connected with help of private Ip
		
		In Routing table we have to provide direction for going to one point to another point.
		
How to use VPC
		We have to create Multiple Parameter for run this 
		1. Create VPC
		2. Create Multiple Subnet
		3. Lunch Instances in Different Subnet
		4. 
How to Create VPC
	VPC -> Your VPCs -> Create VPC
		Give Name to Name tag
		Ipv4 CIDR Block - Here we provide Ipv4 full block for multiple Machine Deploy at time of Ip Assign,We select randomly Ip Block
		IPV6 CIDR Block - Here choose option if provide ip address
		Tenancy - not select
		Create VPC
		
		Here We create Private Network
		
How to Create Subnet
	VPC -> subnets -> create subnet
		Name tag - Give name to subnet
		VPC - Select VPC in which VPC you create subnet
		Availability Zone - Select Zone for which zone you have to create VPC,Here we have to use different zone for create Multiple Subnet create,Bcz If any issue at any zone then you can work continue
		VPC CIDRs 
		IPv4 CIDR Block - Here provide Ipv4 block is a part if VPC CIDRs Block(Means Subnet of VPC CIDRs (Like If VPC CIDR is 10.0.0.0/16 then Ipv4 cidr 10.0.1.0/24))
		Create

	Like this we have to create Multiple subnet in single VPC
	
Lunch Instances
	Here We have to Lunch Instances
		First We have to Lunch Instance with help of Public Ip
		Second we have to launch Instance with help of Private Ip Not proivde Public Ip.
		
		
	After Lunch instance If we try to connect But not possible due to we have to create Internet gateway 
 
How to Create Internet Gateway
	VPC -> Internet Gateways -> Create Internet Gateway
	Give name to Internet Gateway
	Create
	
	- After Create Gateway We have to attach it to VPC
	How to Attach
	 Select Gateway -> Action -> Attach VPC -> Select VPC -> Click Attach Internet Gateway
	 
 After Create Internet Gateway We have to Create Routing Table & Entry In Table.
 
How to Create Routing Table - At time of Access we have to require Internet then we have to provide path with help of this then we have to access Machine(Instance)
	VPC -> Route Tables -> Create Route Table
	Name tag - Give name
	VPC - Select VPC
	Create
	
 Here We have Create Multiple Route Table as per requirement	
 After Create Route Table We have to Define in Which Ip you go to Different Ip (Konsi Ip K Upper aap kiske Through Aap Jaoge)

 Select Route Table then Associate subnet	
	Select Route Table -> subnet Associations -> Edit -> Select jiske sath attach krna hai wo select krna hai
	Here we have to select Public for Public & Private for Private
	
	After Associate then go to routes -> edit route
	Here Provide Ip Address & Target for this
		Here we proivde 0.0.0.0/0 target myIGV(Created Gateway k through )
		Save Route
	
		After Do this We have to try to connect instance then we have to connect Our Machine
			After IGW Create & ROute table create & Give path then we have Connect Our Machine


 After we have to connect machine we have to connect Private Ip with the help of Public key (Show 2nd Video 100602020)

In Private Ip Machine We have to Access Internet THen We have to Assign NAT Gateway,With the help of NAT Gateway we have Provide Internet to Private Ip


How to Configure NAT Gateway (Network Address Translation)
		- We have create NAT Gateway at Public Ip Bcz NAT Gateway Configure At Where Internet Access Available,Entry in Private IP 
		Basic Work is Public To Private Conversion 
		If we create NAT Gateway Then We have proivde Elasic IP
		VPC -> NAT Gateways -> 
		Subnet - Select Subnet at where we have to create NAT Gateway 
		Elasic Ip Allocation ID - Here we have allocate Elasic IP
		Add Tag - give name
		Create NAT Gateway
		After Create NAT Gateway Way We have Entry in Private Ip in Route Tabel
		
		Go to Route Table then Select ALready Create Private Route Table then Associate Subnet
		Here We associate Private Subnet
		then Entry in Route Table
		Route -> edit
		add Entry here 0.0.0.0/0 In Target select NAT Gateway We have created Earlier
		
	
***** With the Help of Lunch VPC Wizard we have create Directly to new VPC in Few Step & Use We have not follow All Above step like Routing Table,
	  IGW, Etc...
	  
	  Step
	  VPC -> Lunch VPC Wizard -> Select Option Any One & Create
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
												Peering Connection
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Peering Connection - Multiple VPC Combine then its call Peering Connection
				   - After VPC Peering Done both VPC act like single Network
				   - Any of the Machine in any of subnet can communicate each other using private Ip
				   - Create In Same Account,Different Account ,Different Region
				   - Important Things is that Ip use at subnet in both region must be different
				   - Here is show Two Type 1. Accepter 2. Requester.
				   - Requester Send request to Other VPC
				   - Accepter Accept the Request send by Requester
				   
	Step :-
		- Create 2 VPC in Different Zone
		- Lunch Instance in Different VPC in Different Subnet
		
How to Create Peering Connection
		- VPC -> peering connections -> create Peering Connection
		- Peering connection name tag - Give name to peering connection
		- VPC (Requester)* - Select VPC Requester
		- Account - Select the Account 
					1. My Account - Select In Your Current Account
					2. Another Account - If use Another account then Select this & Type Account ID
		- Region  - Select Region Option
					1. This region (ap-south-1)	- If requester VPC in Current Region then select this
					2. Another Region - If Requester VPC is in Different Region then Select this & Select Region
		- VPC (Accepter)* - Select Accepter VPC ID
		- Create Peering Connection
		- Request Create, But Currently SHow status Pending at accepter
		- If we check at Accepter side so we show one request receive at peering connection
		- Accept the request 
		- Select Request -> Action -> Accept request
		- After Request Accept We have entry in Route table of Requester Side , Accepter Side
		- In Requester side Route table We have mention Accepter side Ip Address target is Peering Connection
		- In Accepter side Route table We have mention Requester side Ip Address target is Peering Connection